---
   layout: post
   title:  "Pragmatic Thinking and Learning: Refactor Your Wetware by Andy Hunt -- my opinion"
   date: 2017-04-01 1:00:01 +0200
   categories: books review
   tags: books review
   language: English
---
   
* The book, basically, has bunch of fluff, trying to promote developing the right side of the brain;
       
* It targets programmers and other technical guys; 
        
<!--excerpt--> 
      
* In the assumption, there's an idea the audience heard about, how the analytical left side of the brain is important. It's also assuming that people neglect the right side. So the piece of writing talks about how using the right side is crucial for mastering a skill;
       
* Then, there's a generic bullshit, like exercises for "invoking" the creative center and stuff like that;
       
* About the exercises, it reminds me of memory competitions where bunch of guys would try to memorize a card deck or numbers or faces or other useless crap. It's kind of funny, how some people would want to train their memory on things like that. If you want to improve it -- why not to do something more meaningful like learning a foreign language or how to play guitar etc?
   
* Why would a one want to waste his time on numbers or top 10 the highest mountaions? I think, the answer is -- because it's easy and it gives an illusion of working, of trying to solve the problem while it's not.
    
* So, the same is in the book -- instead of encouraging you to get better at drawing, the author instead shifts the focus towards promoting some meaningless exercises, sort of, like the memory guys do, but for creativity.
   
* Imho, if you want to improve your visualization skills, or something, the best way to do it, would be to spend couple of years drawing and playing around with designing stuff in photoshop or something like that. Something more fun and with better use, than crappy made up training technics.
   
* After speaking about the right side, Andy (another Andy, always Andy) talks about practicing in order to get better and other generic obvious bullshit.
   
5 out 10 for lack of originality and useless trainings.
   
##### *{{page.content | number_of_words}} words in the post*

