---
   layout: post
   title:  "More unreviwed books -- short summaries, part 2"
   date: 2017-06-25 8:16:01 +0200
   categories: books review summary
   tags: books review summary
   language: English
---

Another bunch of books that I read within 3rd year and got to publish
my opinions on now:

* **Fluent in 3 months** by **Benny Lewis**

* **Just for fun** by **Linus Torvalds**

* **Technical Blogging: Turn Your Expertise into a Remarkable Online Presence** by **Antonio Cangiano**

* **I'm the same as everybody else** and **How to become a businessman** by **Oleg Tinkov**

<!--excerpt-->

#### **Fluent in 3 months** by **Benny Lewis**:

I'd recommend reading this book to anyone, who would want to start out
with language learning as well as people who might have some experience
with it. It's written by a guy, who speaks few languages and he's advocating
an approach "start speaking from the day one" for language learners. As it gets
deeper in the book, the author reveals (and I agree with him), that you should
focus on the aspects of the language you want to improve from the very beginning
(by default it's speaking, but it could be anyting else).

Also, in general, there're many other useful advices, and it's very interesting
to be able to look at how polyglots are.

Benny advocates learning Esperanto as well.

#### **Just for fun** by **Linus Torvalds**:

Autobiography of the linux's creator. In which he writes about his childhood,
making linux, his life. A pretty huge piece of writing is about the open source
movement in general etc.

The author, according to the book, was a nerdy boy in the childhood. Started
to get into computers, wrote his text editor, then read a famous book by
Andrew Tanenbaum and decided to write his own kernel.

The book's pretty good, also because it seems to be pretty open and sincere with a
reader.

#### **Technical Blogging: Turn Your Expertise into a Remarkable Online Presence** by **Antonio Cangiano**:

I can't say, I liked it that much, simply because, I'm not a good fit for that
book. It's, basically, a very basic guide to blogging, that could be nice for
people who never done it. But hearing about all the reasons to blog, looking at
bunch of pages with detailed descriptions of Wordpress interface, basics of SEO
and content management didn't help me to aquire anything new.

But I wish someone would have given me the book when I knew nothing about
blogging.

#### **I'm the same as everybody else** and **How to become a businessman** by **Oleg Tinkov**:

The first one is his autobiography, I liked it a lot, he's pretty open and
sincere about different things from his life.

The second book is his guide to business which isn't very great, but could
give some basics for people who know nothing about business. It could be
a supplemental reading or something.



##### *{{page.content | number_of_words}} words in the post*
